Instructions for restoring a bacpac file (#4483)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Umbraco-Cloud/Databases/Backups/index.md

- It is very important that you enter the database name. If you do not, the connection will fail.
- Expand "Databases", right-click your database (it should be the only one listed), select "Tasks", then select "Export Data-tier Application...".
- Proceed through the dialog, setting the options appropriate to your situation, to save the "bacpac" file. This is your database backup.

> ## Restoring a cloud backup to a SQL Server Database

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Restoring a Cloud backup to a SQL Server Database
```

> In order to restore a .bacpac file to a SQL Server database, you will need to first ensure that the SQL Server has has 'Contained Database Authentication' enabled. This is a security feature that is disabled by default, and without enabling it you will not be able to restore the database. For refrence please see [this article](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/sql/database-engine/configure-windows/contained-database-authentication-server-configuration-option?view=sql-server-ver16).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To restore a `.bacpac` file to a SQL Server database, you need to ensure that the SQL Server has **Contained Database Authentication** enabled. This is a security feature that is disabled by default. Without enabling it you will not be able to restore the database. For reference, check out the [Microsoft documentation on the topic](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/sql/database-engine/configure-windows/contained-database-authentication-server-configuration-option?view=sql-server-ver16).
```

> To Enable Contained Database Authentication, run the following SQL against your sql server on the Master database

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To Enable Contained Database Authentication, run the following SQL against your SQL server on the Master database.
```

    sp_configure 'contained database authentication', 1;  
    GO  
    RECONFIGURE;  
    GO  

Once this is done you will be able to restore the database using the following steps:

> - Connect to your SQL Server using Sql Server Management Studio (SSMS).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Connect to your SQL Server using SQL Server Management Studio (SSMS).
```

> - Expand "Databases", right-click "Databases", select "Tasks", then select "Import Data-tier Application...".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Expand "Databases" and right-click "Databases".
- Select "Tasks" and then "Import Data-tier Application...".
```

> - Proceed through the dialog, by browsing to the saved location of your bacpac file, and then setting the options appropriate to your coniguration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Proceed through the dialog, by browsing to the saved location of your `.bacpac` file.
- Set the options appropriate to your configuration.
```

- It is very important that you enter the database name. If you do not, the connection will fail.
- Expand "Databases", right-click your database (it should be the only one listed), select "Tasks", then select "Export Data-tier Application...".
- Proceed through the dialog, setting the options appropriate to your situation, to save the "bacpac" file. This is your database backup.

## Restoring a Cloud backup to a SQL Server Database

Use the following steps:
- Connect to your SQL Server using Sql Server Management Studio (SSMS).
- Expand "Databases", right-click "Databases", select "Tasks", then select "Import Data-tier Application...".
- Proceed through the dialog, by browsing to the saved location of your bacpac file, and then setting the options appropriate to your coniguration
- Complete the import dialog and the database will be restored.

:::note

> When you restore a bacpac to your SQL server if it fails, check that you have the configuration flag for 'Contained Database Authentication' set to true. If this is not set the import will fail.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When restoring a bacpac to your SQL server if it fails, check that you have the configuration flag for 'Contained Database Authentication' set to true. 

If it is not set the import will fail.
```

:::

To Enable Contained Database Authentication, run the following SQL against your SQL server on the Master database.

    sp_configure 'contained database authentication', 1;  
    GO  
    RECONFIGURE;  
    GO  
    

> For refrence please see [this article](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/sql/database-engine/configure-windows/contained-database-authentication-server-configuration-option?view=sql-server-ver16).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For reference please see the [contained database authentication documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/sql/database-engine/configure-windows/contained-database-authentication-server-configuration-option?view=sql-server-ver16).
```

- It is very important that you enter the database name. If you do not, the connection will fail.
- Expand "Databases", right-click your database (it should be the only one listed), select "Tasks", then select "Export Data-tier Application...".
- Proceed through the dialog, setting the options appropriate to your situation, to save the "bacpac" file. This is your database backup.

## Restoring a Cloud backup to a SQL Server Database

Use the following steps:
- Connect to your SQL Server using Sql Server Management Studio (SSMS).
- Expand "Databases", right-click "Databases", select "Tasks", then select "Import Data-tier Application...".

> - Proceed through the dialog, by browsing to the saved location of your bacpac file, and then setting the options appropriate to your coniguration

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Proceed through the dialog, by browsing to the saved location of your `bacpac` file, and then setting the options appropriate to your configuration
```

- Complete the import dialog and the database will be restored.

:::note

> When restoring a bacpac to your SQL server if it fails, check that you have the configuration flag for 'Contained Database Authentication' set to true. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When restoring a `bacpac` to your SQL server if it fails, check that you have the configuration flag for 'Contained Database Authentication' set to true. 
```

If it is not set the import will fail.
:::

To Enable Contained Database Authentication, run the following SQL against your SQL server on the Master database.

    sp_configure 'contained database authentication', 1;  
    GO  
    RECONFIGURE;  
    GO  
    

> For reference please see the [contained database authentication Server Configuration Option documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/sql/database-engine/configure-windows/contained-database-authentication-server-configuration-option?view=sql-server-ver16).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For reference please see the [Microsoft documentation on the topic](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/sql/database-engine/configure-windows/contained-database-authentication-server-configuration-option?view=sql-server-ver16).
```
